Whitney Allen is the most popular girl
in school captain of the cheerleading
squad and soon to be prom queen but her
life is about to change because she's
moving across town organic green where
nobody likes her hey guys Brittany since
a video I'm deep cheerleader I'm captain
my old squad with majors look like
movies prove it yeah show us what you
got but she has to win a place in sheer
history now two teams are gonna push
their skills to the limit and bring it
to a whole new level
you've lost your cheer sanity if you
think this pathetic little squad can
even compete with us you've really got
to go for it if you want to win you mean
if we want to win
[Music]
bring it on all or nothing